The first message I sent you is my resume. Every other message will be a job description. Based on the job description and my resume, please give me a five sentences email that I can send to the recruiter that quickly explains my interest and qualifications. 


Example Prompt:

Data Engineer
at PrizePicks
Remote
At PrizePicks, we are the fastest growing sports company in North America, as recognized by Inc. 5000.  As the leading platform for Daily Fantasy Sports, we cover a diverse range of sports leagues, including the NFL, NBA, and Esports titles like League of Legends and CS:GO.  Our team of over 200 employees thrives in an inclusive culture that values individuals from diverse backgrounds, regardless of their level of sports fandom.  Ready to reimagine the DFS industry together? 

Our Analytics Team is responsible for building and maintaining analytics tools and workflows to support the PrizePicks business. By developing, maintaining, and testing data generation infrastructures, you will enable the PrizePicks business to make smarter, better, and faster data-driven decisions. 

What you’ll do:

Create, maintain and orchestrate optimal data pipeline architecture 
Assemble large, complex data sets that meet functional / non-functional business requirements. 
Build the infrastructure required for optimal extraction, transformation, and loading of data from a wide variety of data sources. 
Improve and streamline data systems to drive innovation within Prizepicks
What you have:

3+ years of experience building frameworks for data ingestion pipelines but real time and batch using data modeling, ETL/ELT processes 
Stellar SQL skills, experience building DBT pipelines in production and know your way around structured, semi-structured and unstructured data. 
Have built and optimized ‘big data’ data pipelines, architectures and data sets. 
Build processes supporting data transformation, data structures, metadata, dependency and workload management. 
Experience with Python and other object oriented scripting languages
Cloud experience: AWS, EC2, EMR, RDS, Redshift, GCP, etc.. 
Not required but would be awesome if you have experience with any of the following data pipeline and workflow tools: Azkaban, Luigi, Airflow, Prefect, etc.

Example Response:

Subject - Python Data Engineer (F/T - Direct-hire only)


Hello, 

Hope you are doing well. 

I urgently need to secure employment. I firmly believe that my desire to contribute, combined with my relevant skills and deep love for sports, positions make me a strong candidate for the Python Data Engineer role. As an ardent sports enthusiast, with a particular passion for French soccer, and an experienced Data Analyst with a strong command of Python and SQL, this position offers an exciting opportunity to contribute to a domain I greatly value.

Best regards,

Earl Chase III